h1. JVirtualHosts (JVH)

h2. What is it about?

This small tool provides a convenience graphical interface for managing local virtual hosts on Debian based systems.
If you know VirtualHostX for OS X, you might have an idea what this tool does.
*Remember: This tool is just for Debian-like Linux systems with sites-enabled/sites-available apache2 structures*

h2. Features

* Manage the hosts file (/etc/hosts) for local vHosts
* Create new virtual host configurations using templates
* Enable / disable virtual hosts with one click
* Restart your apache automatically or by manually clicking a button
* Add custom configuration settings to your virtual hosts

h2. Requirements

* A Java 6 runtime environment (JRE)
* Executable a2ensite, a2dissite (via sudo)
* Alternatively r/w on sites-enabled and sites-disabled folders (via sudo)
* r/w on /etc/hosts (via sudo)

h2. Installation

h3. From source / jar file

JVH is managed by maven, which makes it quite easy to build it from source. Just clone the repository and run

@$> mvn package@

and let maven do the rest. You can find a file named "JVirtualHosts-VERSION-jar-with-dependencies.jar" in the target folder
after maven has finished it's job. Start the app by running

@$> java -jar JVirtualHosts-VERSION-jar-with-dependencies.jar@

The package job will also create a Debian package, which can be installed using your favorite package-manager (apt, dpkg, ...)

Alternatively you can just run

@$> mvn clean compile ideauidesigner:javac2 exec:java@

to start the app right away without creating the packages.

h3. Download the jar or deb

Just click on the downloads button and get the type of file you want.